<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
        "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets">

<ui:composition template="/templates/main.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="content">
        <div class="container">
            <div class="col-md-8 col-md-offset-2">
                <div class="panel panel-default">
                    <div class="panel-heading"><h3>About VDR</h3></div>
                    <div class="panel-body">
                        <table class="table table-striped table-hover active">
                            <tr><td><h5>A virtual data room (VDR) is an online repository of information that is used for the storing and distribution of documents. In many cases, a virtual data room is used to facilitate the due diligence process during an M&amp;A transaction, loan syndication, or private equity and venture capital transactions. This due diligence process has traditionally used a physical data room to accomplish the disclosure of documents. For reasons of cost, efficiency and security, virtual data rooms have widely replaced the more traditional physical data room.</h5></td></tr>
                            <tr><td><h5>In the process of mergers and acquisitions the data room is set up as part of the central repository of data relating to companies or divisions being acquired or sold. The data room enables the interested parties to view information relating to the business in a controlled environment.</h5></td></tr>
                            <tr><td><h5>A virtual data room is designed to have exactly the same strengths as a conventional data room: controlling access, viewing, copying and printing as well as setting time limits on viewing and logging. It has none of the disadvantages of being in a standard, physical location, needing couriers to move documents or transporting of key staff and personnel back and forth. It is also accessible 24/7 over the allowed period.</h5></td></tr>
                        </table>
                    </div>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>
